Deprecate [MASWE-0013] and add [MASTG-TEST-0210] and [MASTG-DEMO-0015] Hardcoded Cryptographic Keys in Code (by appknox) (#2869)
OWASP/owasp-mastg: demos/android/MASVS-CRYPTO/MASTG-DEMO-0015/MASTG-DEMO-0015.md

---
platform: android
title: Use of Hardcoded AES Key in SecretKeySpec with semgrep
tools: [semgrep]
code: [java]
---

### Sample

{{ MastgTest.kt }}

### Steps

Let's run our @MASTG-TOOL-0110 rule against the sample code.

{{ ../../../../rules/mastg-android-hardcoded-crypto-keys-usage.yaml }}

{{ run.sh }}

### Observation

The rule has identified one instance in the code file where hardcoded keys is used. The specified line numbers can be located in the reverse-engineered code for further investigation and remediation.

{{ output.txt }}

### Evaluation

> The test fails because a hardcoded AES key was found in the code.

Reviewer: Please explain the output and how it's being evaluated.

```suggestion
The test fails because hardcoded cryptographic keys are present in the code. Specifically:

- On line 24, a byte array that represents a cryptographic key is directly hardcoded into the source code.
- This hardcoded key is then used on line 26 to create a `SecretKeySpec`.
- Additionally, on line 30, another instance of hardcoded data is used to create a separate `SecretKeySpec`.
```
